>> Jen Kramer: So I'm really, really,
really super pleased that a lot of
you have gotten the memo that one
of the good things to do as you're working
with CSS is to stick the border on it.
Stick a border on it over and over again.
It makes me very happy to see
that you all are doing that.
So I'm gonna go ahead and
put a border on my wrapper.
>> Jen Kramer: Let's see,
we'll make it three pixels solid red.
So I can see that and I'm also going
to make my class .calc-button-row,
and I'm gonna put a border on that too.
Border 3 pixels solid blue.
>> Jen Kramer: So
that is just gonna give us, of course,
some lines around the whole thing,
so we can kinda see what's going on.
>> Jen Kramer: And
the reason that my screen looks so
enormous is because I've zoomed in really,
really far.
And that is in fact, a 400-pixel wide
wrapper, but it's zoomed in so far.
It looks like it stretches most
of the way across the screen,
okay, for the rest of you.
It'll look like it tastes that much
less of your browser window and
it's much smaller.
Okay, so now that we've got all that done,
let's go ahead and
head on to our styling and
let's start with thinking
about the easy part and
the easy part is what.
This up here at the top.
Yeah, so the way that looks,
all we have to do is have a zero.
It needs to be white.
It needs to be on the far right side and
the background here needs to be black.
That's all we need to do.
All right, so
the one hint I'm gonna give you is
we're gonna split this
styling between two places.
So one place I'm going
to put the colors on
the wrapper just for the moment, okay?
So what colors do I need to set to
make this magic happen right here?
What are my properties?
>> Speaker 2: It's in
the the instructions?
>> Jen Kramer: Pardon?
>> Speaker 2: The colors
are in the instructions.
>> Jen Kramer: The colors
That will tell me, but
which two colors do I need?
>> Speaker 2: Black and white.
>> Jen Kramer: Black, white, correct?
And what are my properties?
>> Speaker 2: Background color.
>> Jen Kramer: Okay, so I'm gonna go ahead
and put this on my wrapper actually.
Background color black, all right?
Color white,
I’m putting it right here on my wrapper.
So what is gonna happen now before we save
this and look at it in the web browser?
What’s gonna happen?
I made my whole background
color on the wrapper black and
I’ve made my text color white,
what's gonna happen?
>> Speaker 2: The whole
thing is gonna be black.
>> Jen Kramer: The whole
The whole thing is gonna be black with
white writing just like that, okay?
So this first row is looking pretty good,
except we need to get that zero over
to the right-hand side, correct?
Okay, so what should I do to get that
zero over to the right-hand side?
>> Speaker 2: Text align.
>> Jen Kramer: Yeah and
what is my selector?
>> Speaker 2: Screen?
>> Speaker 3: Screen.
>> Jen Kramer: Okay and
then what else am I gonna need here?
>> Speaker 3: Text just-
>> Jen Kramer: Text align.
Text align, right?
Thank you.
Okay, so that's gonna put it to the side.
Is that font the same font that we see,
oops, not that one in our picture.
Is that the same font?
>> Jen Kramer: Not quite, so
we need to set a font here.
>> Jen Kramer: So
the font we can set here is
font-family and we can use Courier.
Courier New, Courier, monospace.
>> Jen Kramer: So this is the sort of
the typewriter font that we have going on
here, that's going to give us and
that's appropriate for
a calculator kind of
a typewritery looking font, okay?
>> Jen Kramer: And what I have here in
my notes, I also have some padding.
So let's put in some padding too and
the padding is 20 pixels, 5 pixels.
And again, Brian wrote this code,
so he's done it in pixels.
Okay, but what does that mean?
20 pixels means we're adding
20 pixels top and bottom.
Five pixels is what?
>> Speaker 3: Left and right.
>> Jen Kramer: Left and right, okay?
Good, so now when we refresh again,
we have a little breathing room around
zero and our zero looks very nice.
I'm gonna go ahead and
resize this now a little bit.
>> Jen Kramer: That's the real
size of the calculator so far.
Let's also make that zero a little bigger.
>> Jen Kramer: So
we'll add a font size of 40 pixels.
And again,
this is what would Brian has coded here.
He's done his thing in pixels.
So we're gonna honor that.
>> Jen Kramer: Okay, that actually
looks more readable, doesn't it?
>> Jen Kramer: You've coded the screen,
whoa.
>> [APPLAUSE]